docs: include modern sass vite options (#20325)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/features/sass-variables.md

Vuetify loads precompiled CSS by default, enabling variable customization will switch to the base SASS files instead which must be recompiled with your project.
This can be a performance hit if you're using more than a few vuetify components, and also forces you to use the same SASS compiler version as us.

> If you're using Vite or Nuxt 3 (with Vite), check [sass modern compiler](#sass-modern-compiler) to improve performance.

Reviewer: I don't think this needs a whole separate section.

```suggestion
Performance can be improved with Vite by using the modern sass compiler. Replace your `sass` dependency with `sass-embedded`, update vite to 5.4 or later, and set [`css.preprocessorOptions.sass.api`](https://vitejs.dev/config/shared-options#css-preprocessoroptions) to `'modern-compiler'` in the vite config.
```

Author: so, `sass` not required anymore? we should remove it from docs

Author: done
